readme.md, before:

## Laravel PHP Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/d/total.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as authentication, routing, sessions, queueing, and caching.

Laravel is accessible, yet powerful, providing powerful tools needed for large, robust applications. A superb inversion of control container, expressive migration system, and tightly integrated unit testing support give you the tools you need to build any application with which you are tasked.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for the framework can be found on the [Laravel website](http://laravel.com/docs).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](http://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

### License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

Adds support for Vagrant/Homestead development environment & PhpStorm IDE

readme.md, after:

# CPMD Winter Gift Project

## Developer Environment

This repo has the ability to generate a working development environment if you have not or care not to set up your own. To start 

- Install VirtualBox
- Install Vagrant

If you have VMware installed, edit the Homestead.yaml file to set provider from

- virtualbox
to
- vmware_fusion or vmware_workstation

Tell the user to generate an SSH key if they don't have one already

Tell the user to edit their hosts file

Run vagrant up

When their done working for the day

Run vagrant halt

## Laravel PHP Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/d/total.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as authentication, routing, sessions, queueing, and caching.

Laravel is accessible, yet powerful, providing powerful tools needed for large, robust applications. A superb inversion of control container, expressive migration system, and tightly integrated unit testing support give you the tools you need to build any application with which you are tasked.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for the framework can be found on the [Laravel website](http://laravel.com/docs).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](http://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

### License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
